(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
When you take on me,
you take on all seven
Barian Emperors.
Together, we can summon
our most powerful monster,
Chaos Xyz Barian Hope.
Even with the power of ZEXAL,
I'll still beat you.
Hey, Earth's heading this way
even faster than before!
Kazuma Tsukumo,
the three worlds
will be destroyed
unless we do
something about it.
(Kazuma) Yuma!
Huh?
(Kazuma) Help is on the way.
We'll hold back these worlds
as long as we can!
(Kazuma)
Keep on dueling, Yuma,
the future is in your hands.
(Yuma) Arise anew, Number 39.
Utopia Beyond!
Rising Sun Beyond Slash!
No!
You dare destroy the bond
I have with my friends♪!
I will make you pay!
♪
♪ Still together as one
because divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Yuma, Astral,
I will get my revenge!
You will never defeat me.
I activate Reincarnation
of the Seven Emperors!
By banishing Barian Hope
and all his
Chaos Overlay Units,
I take no damage.
Man, nothing fazes him.
Oh, it gets even better, Yuma.
I also get to summon
an Xyz monster.
And you take damage
equal to its attack points.
Come on out, Black Ray Lancer.
It's over for you.
Oh, no, it isn't!
I activate Utopia Beyond's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopia Beyond banishes itself
to revive Utopia
from my graveyard.
And check this out,
I also gain life points.
How do you like that?
About as much
as you'll like this.
Black Ray Lancer,
attack Yuma with
Shimmering Spear Slash.
(screaming)
(panting)
I may not have much left,
but I have more than enough
to take you down.
Your move.
Hey, Shark,
Utopia and Lancer bring
back memories, don't they?
The first time
we ever teamed up,
they fought side by side.
Then our two monsters
combined into one,
and we won
thanks to our teamwork.
What? It was more work
than teamwork.
I had to carry you so much
through the entire duel
that I still get back spasms.
One of the worst
days of my life.
But it was a great day for me
because that's when
I made a friend.
So come on,
let's stop fighting
and be friends again.
Sorry, but I'm not
stopping this duel.
Huh?
To be honest, Yuma,
I do think we're friends.
Huh?
And I hope you
loved hearing that
because I'll never
say it again.
You see, we can't go back
to the way things used to be.
Why not?
Because, as the leader
of the Barians,
I have a new group of friends.
They're still
fighting by my side,
counting on me to
protect our home world.
And I promised that
I wouldn't let them down.
You and Astral share
an unbreakable bond,
but ours is stronger.
I won't lose them again.
Lose them again?
(Door)
Whoever can open this door
will gain a great new power.
But know with such a reward
comes great risk.
You would lose that
which is most valuable to you.
Yuma?
(Yuma's thinking)
What did I have to lose
to get the power of ZEXAL?
I can't think
about that right now.
I gotta focus on this duel.
My turn!
I draw!
My Utopia attacks
your Black Ray Lancer.
That's not happening
because I banish
Friller Rabca to activate
its special ability.
It not only stops your attack,
but your Utopia loses
500 attack points.
(groaning)
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Okay, great.
Since you're finally done
reminiscing about the past,
let's determine our
future once and for all.
(groaning)
A future where
Barian World rules
and Astral World is extinct.
Astral World
will be nothing more
than a meaningless footnote
in Barian World's history.
(groaning) My turn.
I draw!
Hmm.
I activate the spell
Xyz Treasure.
I get to draw a card for
every Xyz Monster in play.
So that means I draw two cards.
(grunts)
And whenever I play a spell,
I automatically
get to summon Big Jaws.
It was chomping at the bit
to get in on the action.
Next, I summon Skull Kraken.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon
Submersible Carrier Aero Shark.
(roaring)
And my Aero Shark
has a present for you.
By using one Overlay Unit,
you take 400 points of damage
for every card in my hand.
(roaring)
I may only have one card,
but 400 points of damage
is enough to finish off
the rest of your life points.
Yuma, no!
Torpedo Take Down!
Yuma, use your trap now.
Got it.
I activate my Damage Takeover.
Brace yourself, Astral.
(both grunting)
(both screaming)
We don't take any damage.
(both grunting)
Then my trap card transforms
into an Overlay Unit
for Utopia.
Utopia also loses
400 attack points,
but at least we're still alive.
Oh, I'll fix that for good.
Black Ray Lancer,
attack Utopia.
I don't think so.
Utopia, protect yourself.
It uses one Overlay Unit
to negate your attack.
Light Wing Shield.
But now that
it's out of Overlay Units,
it can't stop any more attacks.
Aero Shark attacks Utopia.
And there's nothing
you can do about it.
Only a Number
can destroy a Number,
but you still take damage.
(groaning)
Yuma! Astral!
Oh!
Go ahead and take
your turn, Yuma...
your last turn.
They're down to 50 life points.
Are they going to lose?
(groaning)
Gotta hand it to him.
Shark really is one
of the toughest duelist
in the world.
In the whole galaxy.
Yes, he is.
I'm out of life points
and I'm out of time.
I failed, Astral.
I promised to save everyone,
but I failed them all.
My world, Astral World,
ever Barian World.
I guess promises
are made to be broken.
(gasping)
(Tori)
Stop feeling sorry
for yourself, Yuma!
(gasping)
You've always said
to keep dueling
even if you only have
a single life point.
I know, but...
But nothing!
Everyone's counting on you,
so snap out of it!
And you better not invite me
to your pity party ever again!
Quite a powerful reprimand.
Shouting can be
very persuasive.
Yeah, totally.
But Tori's right.
My friends fought for me
to get this far,
so I can't give up.
And let's face it,
I'd rather face 10 Sharks
than one angry Tori.
Astral, let's do this.
Of course.
Get ready.
It is time...
(both) To feel the flow.
(gasping)
(both)
When two distant
souls become one,
the power of ZEXAL is revealed!
Ultimate ZEXAL Morph.
It doesn't matter if you
have to power of ZEXAL,
I'll still crush you.
Yeah? Oh, we'll see.
A truly powerful duelist
can shape the outcome
of a duel.
He can even generate
the very cards
that he needs to draw.
It's now a whole new game.
Get set to get decked
with ZEXAL Weapon Sylphid Wing.
(Astral)
Sylphid Wing
equips onto Utopia
giving it 800 more
attack points.
Let's hang that fish
out to dry.
Utopia, destroy Aero Shark.
That attack might have worked
if I hadn't activated
Rebirth of the Seven Emperors.
It lets me tribute
all my Xyz Monsters.
And by doing so,
I can bring back the most
powerful Barian Monster
that was banished last turn.
Not again!
Chaos Xyz Barian Hope,
rise from the ashes.
They have to fight it again?
Oh, and it gets worse.
Three of my banished Numbers
become Barian Hope's
Chaos Overlay Units.
And they each give Barian Hope
1,000 attack points
for a total of 3,000.
Now Barian Hope has more
attack points than your Utopia.
(grunting) So what?!
What Yuma means to say
is that we are not concerned.
Since you summoned
an Xyz Monster,
Sylphid Wing gives Utopia
1,600 attack points.
Making it more powerful
than Barian Hope.
(grunting)
Utopia, attack Barian Hope
with all your might.
Like that's going to work.
I activate Draw of Fate.
This trap stops your attack.
I'll just get you next turn.
There won't be a next turn
because we both now
have to draw a card.
And if you don't play that card
by the end of this turn,
you automatically
lose on the spot.
No way!
This is it, Yuma.
The end of the line.
Heh, no pressure or anything.
The fate of the whole duel
rests on our next card.
Only one of us will
walk away he winner.
And it will be me.
Chaos Draw.
Oh, we'll see.
Destiny Shining Draw.
(Yuma thinking) This card?
Why did I draw this card?
Yuma, we are required
to play that card.
The entire fate of
Astral World depends on it.
Let us hope it works
in our favor.
All right, then,
here goes everything.
I activate the spell
Double or Nothing!
Hmm.
This card doubles
Utopia's attack points
and lets it attack again.
(Astral)
Yuma, you drew
the perfect card.
If Utopia's attack succeeds,
we shall emerge victorious.
It's the grand finale,
we win and Shark's
gonna lose...
(Door)
You would lose that which
is most valuable to you.
(Yuma thinking)
Lose what's most valuable to me.
I now know what that is.
(gasping)
Yuma, is something wrong?
Why did you stop our attack?
I had to.
Remember what the Door said?
That I'd lose what's
most valuable to me.
I just figured out
what that is.
It's not you or my friends
or the whole world.
What I've lost is myself.
(gasping)
Thanks to dueling,
I made awesome friends.
Tori, Bronk, Astral,
and don't think
I forgot about you, Shark.
You big, angry softy you.
But now, look at what
I was about to do.
I was this close to
finishing Shark forever.
That's wrong.
This isn't how I was
supposed to duel.
I duel to make friends,
not beat them.
I've lost my way.
But starting now,
I'm gonna get myself
back on track.
I'll only do what
I know is right.
So for starters,
I am not gonna defeat Shark.
Got it?
I suppose is a tricky dilemma.
Huh?
You refuse to win,
but losing will lead
to the end of Astral World.
I know not the answer
to this riddle,
but I have faith that you
will crack this conundrum.
Thanks, Astral.
All right, then, here I go.
To do what?
You said you
wouldn't attack me.
What? I don't recall
ever saying that.
So Utopia gets ready to attack
by having Sylphid Wing
become its Overlay Unit.
You liar.
Attack, Utopia.
Attack, Utopia,
Rising Sun Sylphid Slash.
I activate Utopia's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
I negate Utopia's attack.
Why did Yuma
stop his own attack?
What's the big idea, Yuma?
I told you,
I made a promise that
I wouldn't defeat you.
But I had no intention
of losing either.
So you won't win or lose?
That's impossible.
Then I guess we just
have to keep dueling
until I find a way.
Even if it takes forever,
that's what I'm gonna do.
(grunting)
Duel forever?
You only have 50 life points.
Like I don't know that.
I never said it would be easy,
but I know that
I'm gonna do it.
So come on, let's duel.
(thinking) Oh, Yuma,
you always were a dreamer.
I active the spell
Glory of the Seven Emperors.
All my banished Numbers
become Chaos Xyz
Barian Hope's Overlay Units.
This raises my Monster's
attack points to 7,000.
But Glory of the Seven Emperors
has another effect that
you might be interested in.
If I take any battle damage,
you take that damage instead.
(gasping)
Then it was a good thing
Yuma stopped Utopia's attack.
You're right,
because if I didn't,
we would've lost.
Let's keep this duel rolling
because no one has won yet.
Actually, Yuma,
this duel's over.
You've won.
Huh? Say what?!
Glory of the Seven Emperors
has one final effect.
My life points become equal
to the change
in your life points.
Since your life points
didn't change,
my life points drop to zero.
(gasping)
Shark!
(thinking) I lost...
but I never knew losing
could feel so good.
(gasping)
Shark, Shark!
(groaning)
Shark, are you okay?
I would be if you weren't
screaming my ears off
like a banshee.
Even though I lost,
this is a million times better
than having to duel you forever.
That's the lamest strategy
I've ever heard.
But that's what
I like about you.
Shark...
It was a privilege to duel you.
You ain't so bad
yourself, Astral.
Look after this
twerp for me, will ya?
I guess my long journey
has finally come
to an end, Yuma.
But yours is only
getting started.
Any choice you make,
you won't go wrong as long
as you believe in your friends,
your family,
and most importantly,
in yourself.
Remember that.
I will, Shark.
You have your whole entire
future ahead of you, Yuma.
I wish I was around to see it.
(gasping) No!
Thanks for teaching me
to feel the flow.
You were great duelist...
but even better friends.
Shark!
Good-bye.
He's gone.
(crying)
(bird cawing)
(screaming)
♪